Revision en docs (#1323)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/in-person-payments/qr-code/advanced-integration.en.md

----[mla, mlm, mco, mlu, mlb, mlc]----

Refunds happen when a payment was completed but the seller decides to cancel it partially or totally. You can find information in the [Refunds and cancellations](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/account/cancellations-and-refunds) section.

------------

----[mpe]----

> Refunds happen when a payment was completed but the seller decides to cancel it totally. You can find information in the [Refunds and cancellations](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/account/cancellations-and-refunds) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refunds happen when a payment was completed but the seller decides to cancel it totally. You can find more information in the [Refunds and cancellations](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/account/cancellations-and-refunds) section.
```

## Get order data

> If you want to get the order assigned to a POS, you can do it using the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to assign an order to a POS, you can do it using the following:
```
